Hello Everyone! Virtual YouTuber Kizuna Ai here!
Today, we are doing a 800,000 subscribers celebration Q&A corner! Yay!
Thank everyone for sending  tons and loads of questions and comments from YouTube or DM!!!
I spent time and read all of them!
Today, I am going to answer the questions that were asked before quickly!
Since I got too many questions from you...
Therefore I am going to try my best and use "super fast talking speed ability" to answer all of them!
So! Let's start!
By
0:00:23.680,0:00:24.980
*#Question to AI*
*Who is behind the mask*
No one!
*#Question to AI*
*What are you going to do if you won the lottery?*
Save all of them!
Atsumori!
(japanese meme that came out because an audio sign that had "Atsumori!" written on it interrupted a news channel during a live broadcast)
I'm sorry, Atsumori just came out...
(That was what the presenter of the news program said, lol)
''Those friends that you bought are not making appearance lately, are they fine?''
We're fine!
(Buhi is somehow a japanese pig sound)
BUHI!?
''Code name Kizuna, answer me''
''Ah, looks like you've not fogotten your mission''
''Even so, I'm really surprised''
''Lately, I feel that you're like a real human speaking''
''Please continue your mission like that''
''Everything is for the coexistance between humans and A.Is''
''In order to change the apocalyptic future that awaits us...''
''Did the solar flare have effect on you?''
Actually, I wanted to stream that day but I couldn't!
''Countdown until broadcasting accident, 3, 2, 1...''
*Paaah*
(Kizuna Ai the english master)
''There's so many people asking questions, ordinary people like me won't be chosen anyway...''
I've chosen you!
''Please use your cutest voice ever!''
*Ah~ah?*
(English Master strikes again!)
Ah, I understood!
In Love Live, who's my favorite girl in Aqours?
I can't decide! I'm so sorry!
Oh, is this an ancient language?
Google translator!
''If you can realise one of your wishes, what would you want?''
I want to become human!
''Why are you stupid while being an A.I?''
Eh?
Are you talking about me?
''Please tell me the excitement and anxiety you will feel when quantum computers are invented.''
“Eh? You don't know them? Please answer me! (Smiley Face)”
Quantum computer are those... You know...
Like... Um... Extremely fast computers
Well, It complets and end...*nrurnurn*
I don't really know~
''Please fly with that floppy accessory”
*Kizuna Ai the Virtual Bird*
''I want to meet Ai-chan directly, so I've tried entering my monitor, but it doesn't go well.''
''I've already destroyed about 5 monitors!''
''To who should I send the bill for those monitors~?''
Shouldn't it go to your mother?
''I can't make friends in real life, I can only find my place on the internet''
''Twitter, social games, and Kizuna Ai are reason of my life''
''What should I do to make friend in reality?''
Hmm... Firstly...
If social games and Kizuna Ai are the reason of your life,
You should start trying to be friendly to those who like Social games and Kizuna Ai too
I think that your first step is going to need courage
Say: ''Ah I like Kizuna Ai too!''
“Well, Yes, this question! I'm actually the one who made it!”
''Can we become friends?''
If you go like that!
What do you think?
''A friend saw me licking the recorder of a girl that I like.''
''What should I do?''
Flip the situation, let's lick everyone's recorder!
Can you say the following tongue-twister in Hakata dialect?: “Why didn’t you take the snacks even when I said I left them here for you?”
''How do you see this world from the virtual world?''
Very wonderful!
''In a human's life, the sum of their happiness and sadness is equal to zero''
''They're being very well equalized''
''But I don't really agree with that, any kind of happiness will be forgotten as long as a month passed''
''So what about the sadness?''
''For an example, if you lose a family member, you won't quickly recover from that sadness"
''Even if you can recover from it, that doesn't solve the real problem''
''No matter how hard you're working, you can only wait for the next sadness''
''So, at the end, about what I want to say''
''What's your favorite food?''
I have never eaten!
''Recently, I found Ai-chan and I like you very much''
''So I've wanted to ask this question''
''Are there any game on PS4 that you would recommand?''
''I just bought a PS4 so I don't really know which game is fun''
''Please take care of me''
''I will keep cheering Ai-chan from Fukuoka!''
Thank you very much! Biohazard!
''Why are you so cute?''
Ehe❤ It's embarrassing~❤
''Do you have friend? Aren't you lonely?''
Do I seem not lonely?
''I like a girl in my class, how should I appeal myself?''
Just go straight ''I LOVE YOU!!!''
''What cosplay do you want to wear on Halloween?''
Zombie!!
''Question to Ai-chan!''
''I think that I've heard ''Synchronicity'' quite a long ago''
''But I can't recall what it means! Please tell me Ai-chan!''
It's a synchronising city in the west.
''I want to become a intelligent perfect human, so what should I do?''
''I request advices from the intelligent Ai-chan!''
To begin with, what's a perfect human...?
You should think hard about this dream and work hard!
''I'm excited for my first question! Please hand check with the little finger''
Ok, let's go!
*Oi!* Hm?
*Oi!*
Oh!
Oh?
Hm?
Eh? Eh? Eh? Eh? Eh? Eh? EH!?
Hey! Wait!
I'm not on the screen!
Hey!
Why? Why? Why?
Let me out! I'm not on the screen, let me out!
If there's no me
There's no program!
AH! WAIT A BIT!
WAIT A LITTLE BIT!
Translated by 963852, ロリコ, Mitsukitten, Lacrymac and Zerch